well good morning and in case I don't
see a good afternoon good evening and
good night welcome to camp I want to
talk to TV you must be my last 20
blessed two new staffers for 2011 summer
in heaven alright is there anyone else
here with you no just me the Boy Who
Lived the chosen one you're all righty
then well let me just check you off here
what's the hurry har crazy daisies where
did you even come from oh the campers
are gonna love you you are awesome colon
Edward new staffer here's my paper God
well I air Tina they call me guano or
bat poop here how's it right getting
like you get a summer job like this as a
pale get like you even manage summer I
don't burn scar face i Sparkle oh how do
you even manage your ginger girlfriend
is Jenny her stripper name but it watch
yourself Edward Jacobs my dog but I'm
about to make you my female doe your
mama who was so fat her Petronas was
your mum was so fuzzy she looked like a
chia pet with the swell all right okay
your mama was so scary she went into a
haunted house and came out a job
application wow you don't you'll know
how to say faith your ass ain't dumb
yeah buddy Oh buddy damn you guys Harry
and Ed BSF st look best friends forever
from summer camp little well looks like
you're gonna have plenty of time for
that you guys are gonna be Kevin
neighbors oh it's better than someone
with the Dursleys privet drive blows all
right now Harry we have you in snake pit
Edward you are in woolston at least I
don't have to bunk with him Ron says he
what's the big I don't I don't wet the
bed hurry it says here that you do magic
nothing hardcore bat poop schools on
Ascension how's this for hardcore
flipped leaf flower wowzer well we have
talent shows every wacky wednesday and
you have any special talents yeah he
drinks blood he's a douchebag he changed
his girlfriend into the undead after the
unborn child ate its way out of a uterus
this guy's a regular Justin Timberlake
boom he told get my pistol babe it was
the one time I had a lot of butterbeer
Jenny knows